
  3153  Communication channel identifier, coded

  Desc: Code identifying the type of communication channel being used.

  Repr: an..3

   AA     Circuit switching
             A process that, on demand, connects two or more data
             terminal equipments and permits the exclusive use of a
             data circuit between them until the connection is
             released (ISO).
   AB     SITA
             Communications number assigned by Societe Internationale
             de Telecommunications Aeronautiques (SITA).
   AC     ARINC
             Communications number assigned by Aeronautical Radio Inc.
   CA     Cable address
             Self explanatory.
   EI     EDI transmission
             Number identifying the service and service user.
   EM     Electronic mail
             Creating/sending/receiving of unstructured free text
             messages or documents using computer network, a mini-
             computer or an attached modem and regular telephone line
             or other electronic transmission media.
   EX     Extension
             Telephone extension.
   FT     File transfer access method
             According to ISO.
   FX     Telefax
             Device used for transmitting and reproducing fixed
             graphic material (as printing) by means of signals over
             telephone lines or other electronic transmission media.
   GM     GEIS (General Electric Information Service) mailbox
             Self explanatory.
   IE     IBM information exchange
             Self explanatory.
   IM     Internal mail
             Internal mail address/number.
   MA     Mail
             Postal service document delivery.
   PB     Postbox no.
             Self explanatory.
   PS     Packet switching
             The process of routing and transferring data by means of
             addressed packets so that a channel is occupied only
             during the transmission; upon completion of the
             transmission the channel is made available for the
             transfer of other packets (ISO).
   SW     S.W.I.F.T.
             Communications address assigned by Society for Worldwide
             Interbank Financial Telecommunications s.c.
   TE     Telephone
             Voice/data transmission by telephone.
   TG     Telegraph
             Text transmission via telegraph.
   TL     Telex
             Transmission of text/data via telex.
   TM     Telemail
             Transmission of text/data via telemail.
   TT     Teletext
             Transmission of text/data via teletext.
   TX     TWX
             Communication service involving Teletypewriter machines
             connected by wire or electronic transmission media.
             Teletypewriter machines are the devices used to send and
             receive signals and produce hardcopy from them.
   XF     X.400
             CCITT Message handling system.

