
* 4183  Special conditions, coded

  Desc: Indication of a specific condition.

  Repr: an..3

        1 Item for national preference
             Item concerned is applicable to national preference
             calculation.
        2 Item qualifying for payment discount
             Item concerned is applicable for settlement/payment
             discount calculation.
        3 Item not qualifying for payment discount
             Item concerned is not applicable for settlement/payment
             discount calculation.
        5 Item not to be included in bonus calculation
             Item concerned is not applicable for bonus calculation.
        6 Subject to bonus
             Item concerned is applicable for bonus calculation.
        7 Subject to commission
             Item concerned is applicable for commission calculation.
        8 Subject to discount
             Item concerned is applicable for discount calculation.
        9 Freely available in EEC
             Self explanatory.
       10 Subject to settlement discount
             Item concerned is applicable for the overall settlement
             discount.
       11 Price includes excise
             Self explanatory.
       12 Price includes tax
             Self explanatory.
       13 Price include duty
             Self explanatory.
       14 Not subject to commission
             Item concerned is not applicable for commission
             calculation.
       15 Not subject to discount
             Item concerned is not applicable for discount
             calculation.
       16 Subject to embargo restriction
             Item concerned is subject to embargo restriction.
       17 Item not subject to embargo restrictions
             Item concerned is not subject to embargo restriction.
       18 Item subject to national export restrictions
             Item concerned requires export declaration.
       19 Item not subject to national export restrictions
             Item concerned does not require export declaration.
       20 Item subject to import restrictions
             Item concerned is liable to import restrictions defined
             by relevant national authority.
       21 Item not subject to import restrictions
             Item concerned is not liable to import restrictions
             defined by relevant national authority.
       22 Signed
             Document has to be signed.
       23 Authenticated
             Document/message has to have official or regulatory
             approval.
       24 Original(s) to be certified
             Original document/message is to be certified by an
             official, or otherwise qualified, organization or person.
       25 Original(s) to be legalized
             Original document/message is to be issued under the legal
             requirements of a governmental authority.
       26 Quote documentary credit number
             The documentary credit number of the issuing bank must be
             quoted on the document.
       27 Full set bill of lading
             Full set of bill of lading is required.
       28 Full set bill of lading less one original
             Full set of bill of lading, less one original bill of
             lading, is required.
       29 Full set bill of lading less two originals
             Full set of bill of lading, less two originals bill of
             lading, is required.
       30 Shipped on board
             Transport document is to be marked "shipped on board".
       31 Freight prepaid to be marked
             Transport document is to be marked "freight prepaid".
       32 Freight collect to be marked
             Transport document is to be marked "freight collect".
       33 Issued to order and blank endorsed
             Document is to be issued to order and must be blank
             endorsed.
       34 Issued and endorsed to the order of
             Document is to be issued and endorsed to the order of a
             specified party.
       35 Consigned to
             Transport document is to be consigned to a specified
             party.
       36 Notify
             Transport document is to be marked "notify party".
       37 Issued by
             Document is to be issued by a specified party.
       38 Charter party allowed
             Charter party bill of lading is allowed.
       39 Loading on deck allowed
             Loading of goods on deck is allowed.
       40 Quote actual flight date and flight number
             Document/message must evidence the actual flight date and
             the flight number certifying air transportation and
             countersigned by the respective airline company.
       41 House AWB allowed
             House air waybill is allowed.
       42 Express post receipt
             Express post receipt is required.
       43 Air parcel post receipt
             Air parcel post receipt is required.
       44 Parcel post receipt
             Parcel post receipt is required.
       45 Issued to bearer
             Document is to be issued to bearer.
       46 Full set of insurance certificate
             Full set of insurance certificate is required.
       47 Full set of insurance policy
             Full set of insurance policy is required.
       48 Addressed to
             Document is to be addressed to a specified party.
       49 Transmission by telecommunication
             Document is to be transmitted by telecommunication.
       50 Bill of exchange drawn on
             Bill of exchange is to be drawn on "party".
       51 Bill of exchange in duplicate
             Bill of exchange is to be issued as drawn in duplicate.
       52 Insurance certificate alternative
             Alternative to insurance certificate.
       53 Insurance policy alternative
             Alternative to insurance policy.
       54 Original(s) and copies to be certified
             Original and copies of document/message is to be
             certified by an official, or otherwise qualified,
             organization or person.
       55 Original(s) and copies to be legalized
             Original and copies of document/message is to be issued
             under the legal requirements or a governmental authority.
       56 Consolidators AWB allowed
             Consolidators air waybill is allowed.
       57 Full set
             Full set of a document is required.
       58 Full set less one original
             Full set of a document, less one original, is required.
       59 Full set less two originals
             Full set of a document, less two originals, is required.
       60 Goods despatched to
             Document must show that the goods have been despatched to
             a specified party.
       61 Insurance certificate allowed
             Presentation of an insurance certificate instead of an
             insurance policy is allowed.
       62 Issued to
             Document is to be issued to a specified party.
       63 Original(s) and copy(ies) signed
             Original(s) and copy(ies) of the document must be signed.
       64 Original(s) signed
             Original(s) of the document must be signed.
       65 No disposal clause
             The shipper hereby irrevocably renounces any right to
             vary the identity of the consignee of these goods during
             transit.
       66 Delivery without change of ownership
             There is no change of ownership of the goods after they
             are received by the consignee.
       67 Delivery with change of ownership
             There is a change of ownership of the goods after they
             are received by the consignee.
       68 Supply for outright purchase/sale
             Goods are supplied under outright purchase/sale
             condition.
       69 Supply for consignment
             Goods are supplied for consignment purposes.
       70 Supply for sale 'on approval' or after trial
             The sale of the goods will only be finalised after trial
             or approval.
       71 Exchange of goods compensated in kind
             Goods are delivered on the basis of a compensation
             kind.
       72 Sale for export by foreigner travelling in member state
          concerned
             A cross border delivery of goods to be sold by a
             foreigner travelling in the European Economic Community
             member state concerned.
       73 Samples
             The delivered goods are samples.
       74 Temporary export, loan or hire
             Loaned or hired goods delivered on a temporary export
             basis.
       75 Temporary export, leasing
             Leased goods delivered on a temporary export basis.
       76 Temporary export, operation for job processing
             Goods temporarily exported for operation for job
             processing.
       77 Temporary export, repair and maintenance against payment
             Goods temporarily exported for a chargeable repair or
             maintenance reason.
       78 Temporary export, repair and maintenance free of charge
             Goods temporarily exported for a free of charge repair or
             maintenance reason.
       79 Reimport following job processing
             Goods reimported after they have been used for job
             processing.
       80 Reimport following repair and maintenance against payment
             Goods reimported after a temporary export for a
             chargeable repair or maintenance reason.
       81 Reimport following repair and maintenance free of charge
             Goods reimported after a temporary export for a
             free of charge repair or maintenance reason.
       82 Supply of goods under joint production contract for defence
          purposes
             Goods supplied under joint production contact for
             defence purposes condition.
       83 Supply of goods under joint production contract for civil
          purposes
             Goods supplied under joint production contact for
             civil purposes condition.
       84 Supply of goods for warehousing for foreign account
             Goods supplied for warehousing for foreign account.
       85 Supply of goods as gifts by country of despatch and food aid
          under European Economic Community regulation
             Goods supplied as gifts by country of despatch and food
             aid under European Economic Community regulation.
       86 Supply of goods for disaster relief equipment
             Goods supplied as disaster relief equipment.
       87 Supply of goods as transactions without compensation
             Goods supplied as transactions without compensation
             (financial or otherwise) involving goods which will not 
             be re-exported or compensated by the importation of
             equivalent goods.
       88 Supply of goods as returned consignment on which payment has
          been made
             Goods supplied as returned consignment on which payment
             has been made.
       89 Supply of goods as returned consignment on which no payment
          has been made
             Goods supplied as returned consignment on which no
             payment has been made.
       90 Supply of goods in standard exchange giving rise to payment
             Goods supplied in standard exchange giving rise to
             payment.
       91 Supply of goods in standard exchange not giving rise to
          payment
             Goods supplied in standard exchange not giving rise to
             payment.
       92 Supply of goods/services in standard exchange under warranty
             Goods/services provided in standard exchange under
             warranty.
       93 Goods
             The special conditions for the tax declaration are linked
             to the fact that the line item relates to goods.
       94 Service
             The special conditions for the tax declaration are linked
             to the fact that the line item is a service.
       95 Financial regulation
             The special conditions are linked to the fact that the
             line item is a financial regulation.
+      96 Promotional advertising
             A media press communication informing about a promotion.
+      97 Promotional price
             Reduction in price for a specified period of time for
             promotional purposes.
+      98 Promotional shelf display
             Product in promotion is displayed in a special shelf or
             display.
+      99 Safety data sheet required to accompany goods when moved
             Material safety data sheet is required to accompany the
             goods when they are moved.
+     100 Multiple delivery points
             An order that has more than one specified delivery point.

