
  4401  Instruction, coded

  Desc: Specification of an action to be taken by the receiver of the
        message.

  Repr: an..3

   AA     Send credit note
             Self explanatory.
   AB     Change invoice
             Send invoice, taking into account specified
             discrepancies.
   AD     Advise
             Instruction to advise a party.
X  AE     Change invoice
             Send invoice, taking into account specified
             discrepancies. Use code value AB.
   AF     Stop delivery process
             Self-explanatory.
   AG     Send replacement
             The identified item must be sent for replacement.
   AH     Pick-up
             The identified item is to be picked up.
   AI     Advise by telecommunication
             Advise of documentary credit by telecommunication.
   AJ     Advise by fax
             Instruction to advise party by fax.
   AK     By registered airmail
             Issue documentary credit by registered airmail.
   AL     By registered airmail in one set
             Deliver documents in one set by registered airmail.
   AM     By registered airmail in two sets
             Deliver documents in two sets by registered airmail.
   AP     Advise by phone
             Instruction to advise party by phone.
   AT     Advise by telex
             Instruction to advise party by telex.
   CO     Convert
             Convert the message into other format.
   DA     Without
             The bank advising the documentary credit is not requested
             to confirm the credit.
   DB     May add
             The bank advising the documentary credit may add its
             confirmation to the documentary credit.
   DC     Confirm
             The bank advising the documentary credit is requested to
             confirm the credit.
   DD     By registered mail
             Issue documentary credit by registered mail.
   DE     By courier service
             Issue documentary credit by courier service.
   DF     By teletransmission
             Issue documentary credit by teletransmission.
   DG     Preadvice by teletransmission
             Preadvise documentary credit by teletransmission.
   DH     By courier service in one set
             Deliver documents in one set by courier service.
   DI     By courier service in two sets
             Deliver documents in two sets by courier service.
   DJ     By registered mail in one set
             Deliver documents in one set by registered mail.
   DK     By registered mail in two sets
             Deliver documents in two sets by registered mail.
   DN     Per teletransmission
             Deliver documents by teletransmission.
   DO     Advise beneficiary by phone
             Advise beneficiary of documentary credit by phone.
   DP     Late presentation of documents within D/C validity
          acceptable
             Late presentation of documents with the documentary
             credit validity is acceptable.
   EI     EDI
             Instructions to advise beneficiary by EDI.
   EM     Electronic mail
             Instructions to advise beneficiary by electronic mail.
   EX     Expedite
             Forward the information to requested party immediately.
   QC     Quality control held
             Goods to be held from distribution by stockholder until a
             quality control assessment is completed by the
             manufacturer.
   QE     Quality control embargo
             Quality control assessment is negative, goods are to be
             held from distribution by stockholder.
   RL     Released
             Goods are released by manufacturer for distribution by
             stockholder.
   SW     S.W.I.F.T.
             Instructions to advise beneficiary by S.W.I.F.T.

