
* 5025  Monetary amount type qualifier

  Desc: Indication of type of amount.

  Repr: an..3

        1 VAT, 1st value
             First VAT value if, for the same rate of VAT, there are 1
             to 3 different ways to set this value.
        2 VAT, 2nd value
             Second VAT value if, for the same rate of VAT, there are
             2 or 3 different ways to set this value.
        3 VAT, 3rd value
             Third VAT value if, for the same rate of VAT, there are 3
             different ways to set this value.
        4 Additional royalties (Customs)
             Royalties relating to the imported goods that the buyer
             must pay, either directly or indirectly, as a condition
             of sale, to the extent that they are not included in the
             price actually paid or payable.
        5 Adjusted amount
             The amount specified is the adjusted amount.
        6 Amount reference currency
             The owing amount in the currency used as reference in the
             transaction.
        7 Agreed charge
             Charges which parties agreed upon.
        8 Allowance or charge amount
             [5422] Total amount of allowance or charge.
        9 Amount due/amount payable
             Amount to be paid.
       10 Amount in charge currency
             Indicates that the amount is based on the charged
             currency.
       11 Amount paid
             Self explanatory.
       12 Amount remitted
             Amount which was remitted (see remittance advice).
       13 Amount subject to total monetary discount
             Self explanatory.
       14 Amount target currency
             The amount in the currency in which the amount is paid or
             has to be paid.
       15 Average ledger balance
             The addition of the balance all accounts divided by the
             number of accounts.
       16 Bank release fee
             Self explanatory.
       17 Batch total
             The complete quantity of anything needed for or made in
             one operation or lot.
       18 Brokerage
             Fee charged by a broker for acting on behalf of a third
             party.
       19 Buying commission
             Commission paid by the importer to his/her agent for the
             service of representing him/her in the purchase.
       20 Data value on carrier media (Customs)
             Value of data contained on the carrier media (e.g.
             magnetic tape).
       21 Cash discount
             Cash discount given by the seller to the buyer where
             payment is made in advance of receipt of goods.
       22 Cash on delivery amount
             Amount to be collected by carrier upon delivery of goods.
             This amount represents approximately the value of the
             goods.
       23 Charge amount
             Self explanatory.
       24 Charge summary total
             Code to indicate the total charges relating to a
             consignment.
       25 Charge/allowance basis
             The amount specified is the basis for calculation of
             charges/allowance.
       26 Charges collect fee
             Self explanatory.
       27 Charges in destination currency
             Collect charges payable in the currency of the country of
             destination.
       28 Collect charge summary total
             Self explanatory.
       29 Collect charges in destination currency
             Collect charges payable in the currency of the country of
             destination.
       30 Collect freight charge including VAT
             This is the total amount that has to be collected from
             the consignee or other intermediary intervening party -
             Including VAT-.
       31 Collect freight charge without VAT
             For legal accounting reasons the amount without VAT has
             to be announced, together with the amount of VAT.
       32 Collect other charges due agent total
             Self explanatory.
       33 Collect taxes total
             Self explanatory.
       34 Collected balance required
             A certain sum of money that must be kept in an account.
       35 Container cost
             Description to be provided.
       36 Converted amount
             The amount is converted from another currency.
       37 Credit on consignment
             Credit deducted from the total invoice amount for the
             value of goods not included in a consignment but included
             in the invoice.
       38 Invoice item amount
             (5068) Total sum charged in respect of a single Invoice
             item in accordance with the terms of delivery.
       39 Invoice total amount
             [5444] Total sum charged in respect of one or more
             Invoices in accordance with the terms of delivery.
       40 Customs value
             (5032) Value declared for Customs purposes on those goods
             in a consignment which are subject to the same Customs
             procedure, and have the same tariff/statistical heading,
             country information and duty regime.
       41 Assigned Customs value
             Goods value assigned by Customs.
       42 Total cash payments received by factor
             Total allocated amount of cash payments received by a
             factor.
       43 Declared total Customs value
             [5070] Total value declared for Customs purposes of all
             goods in a consignment, whether or not they are subject
             to the same Customs procedure, or have the same
             tariff/statistical heading, country information, and duty
             regime.
       44 Declared value for carriage
             (5036) Value, declared by the shipper or his agent solely
             for the purpose of varying the carrier's level of
             liability from that provided in the contract of carriage,
             in case of loss or damage to goods or delayed delivery.
       45 Deductible after importation charges (Customs)
             Charges (e.g. construction, assembly, erection,
             maintenance or technical assistance) after importation,
             which are included in the total invoice price, that may
             be deducted to arrive at a Customs value.
       46 Deductions (Customs)
             [5020] Allowable deductions from the Customs value basis
             used.
       47 Delivery fee
             Fees incurred by delivery.
       48 Deposit total
             The whole amount of money that one entrusts for
             safekeeping.
       49 Development necessary for production of imported goods
          (Customs)
             Value of engineering, development, artwork, design work
             and plans and sketches carried out elsewhere than in the
             Customs territory and necessary for the production of the
             imported goods.
       50 Disbursements
             Amount of disbursements to be collected by the carrier
             according to the order given by the shipper.
       51 Disbursements fee
             Fee charged for the collection of disbursements.
       52 Discount amount
             The amount specified is the discount amount.
       53 Discount amount due
             Self explanatory.
       54 Distribution service fee
             Self explanatory.
       55 Duty amount
             Self explanatory.
       56 Duty/tax/fee basis amount
             The amount specified is the basis for duty/tax or fee.
       57 Equivalent amount
             This amount is equivalent to the amount to be
             transferred, but in another currency.
       58 Fee amount
             Self explanatory.
       59 Fees paid year to date
             Payments made for goods thus far.
       60 Final (posted) amount
             The amount posted to an account, finally, after
             charges/allowances.
       61 Float (e.g. "cash float")
             The status of funds in the process of collection.
       62 Total payments on account received by a factor
             Total unallocated amount of payments received by a
             factor.
       63 FOB value
             Identifies the value of the shipment free on board, named
             port of shipment (see FOB Incoterm of ICC).
       64 Freight charge
             Amount to be paid for moving goods, by whatever means,
             from one place to another, inclusive discounts,
             allowances, rebates, adjustment factors and additional
             cost relating to freight costs (UN/ECE Recommendation no
             23).
       65 Total indirect amount payments made to a seller or his agent
          instead of to a factor
             Total indirect amount of payments made to a seller or his
             agent instead of to a factor.
       66 Goods item total
             Net price x quantity for the line item.
       67 Insurance
             Self explanatory.
       68 Insurance and transport charges (Customs)
             (5488)+(5292) Sum total of transport and insurances
             charges (CCC).
       69 Insurance and transport charges incurred outside Customs
          territory
             (5488)+(5292) Insurance and transport charges incurred
             outside a Customs territory (or a Customs union).
       70 Insurance charges (Customs)
             [5488] Amount of premium payable to the insurance company
             to insure the goods to the port or place of importation.
       71 Insurance charges incurred outside of Customs territory
             (5488) Insurance charges incurred outside a Customs
             territory (or a Customs union).
       72 Internal charges (Customs)
             Charges incurred within a Customs territory (or a Customs
             union).
       73 Total amount of payments booked to the collateral account
             Total amount of payments booked to the collateral
             account.
       74 Amount to be paid in advance
             Amount which is to be paid before goods are delivered or
             the service is rendered.
       75 Registered capital
             Registered amount of equity of a company.
       76 Investable balance
             To put left over money in something offering profitable
             returns.
       77 Invoice amount
             [5068] Total sum charged in respect of a single Invoice
             in accordance with the terms of delivery.
       78 Landing charges
             The charges incurred in landing the goods into store in
             the country of importation, excluding Customs duties and
             taxes.
       79 Total line items amount
             The sum of all the line item amounts.
       80 Licence fees related to imported goods (Customs)
             Licence fees relating to the imported goods that the
             buyer must pay, either directly or indirectly, as a
             condition of sale, to the extent that they are not
             included in the price actually paid or payable.
       81 Loading and handling cost
             Cost incurred by loading and handling.
       82 Lock box total
             The complete amount of funds that customers mailed in to
             a specific location. Often times funds are sent to a post-
             office lock box in their city.
       83 Lumpsum
             An agreed sum of money, which is paid in full at one
             time. This term is often used in connection with charter
             parties.
       84 Material consumed in production of imported goods (Customs)
             Value of materials consumed in the production of the
             imported goods.
       85 Maximum charge
             Self explanatory.
       86 Message total monetary amount
             Self explanatory.
       87 Minimum charge
             Self explanatory.
       88 National preference basis amount
             Amount giving the basis for national preference
             calculation.
       89 Negative collected balance
             Having a quantity of less than zero in an account.
       90 Negative ledger balance
             For an asset account, this would be when the account had
             a credit balance. For liability and owner's equity
             accounts, it would be when the account had a debit
             balance.
       91 Net adjustment
             The end-of-the-period total amount which is left after
             recording appropriate adjusting entries.
       92 Net fee position
             The payments left over after deductions or allowances
             have been made.
       93 Net year to date excess (deficit)
             A negative amount of an item.
       94 No amount of insurance
             No amount of insurance has been declared for a
             consignment.
       95 No declared value for carriage
             No value has been declared for purposes of carriage.
       96 No declared value for Customs
             No value has been declared for Customs purposes.
       97 Offer amount
             [5210] Total amount of an offer.
       98 Original amount
             Original amount, without charges, allowances or
             adjustment.
       99 Other charges at destination
             Code to indicate charges levied at destination.
      100 Other charges due agent
             Code to indicate that certain charges accrue to an agent.
      101 Other charges due carrier
             Code to indicate that certain charges accrue to a
             carrier.
      102 Other commissions
             Other commissions paid by the importer to his/her agent
             in relation to the goods being imported.
      103 Other deductible charges
             Other charges deducted from the total invoice value.
      104 Other transport charges
             (5292) Other charges paid for transport.
      105 Other valuation charges (Customs)
             Other valuation charges which are payable by reason of
             the importation or sale of the goods in the Customs
             territory.
|     106 Packing cost
             Cost for packing concerning labour and/or material.
      107 Packing cost (Customs)
             [5448] Costs incurred for all containers and coverings of
             whatever nature which are considered as being one for
             Customs purposes with the goods, and the cost of packing
             whether for labour or material.
      108 Parts incorporated in imported goods (Customs)
             Materials, components, parts and similar items
             incorporated in the imported goods.
      109 Payment discount amount
             Self-explanatory.
      110 Pick-up fee
             Fee incurring if item has been or will be picked up.
      111 Positive collected balance
             Having a quantity of greater than zero in an account.
      112 Positive ledger balance
             For an asset account, this would be when the account had
             a debit balance. For liability and owner's equity
             accounts, it would be when the account had a credit
             balance.
      113 Prepaid amount
             (5302) Amount which has been prepaid in advance.
      114 Prepaid charge summary total
             Total of all prepaid charges.
      115 Prepaid taxes total
             Total of all prepaid taxes.
      116 Purchase amount
             The cost of buying goods or services.
      117 Quantity discount
             Discount given for purchase of goods in bulk.
      118 Quota value
             Description to be provided.
      119 Received amount
             The amount is what the bank received, and the one before
             charges/allowances.
      120 Sales tax
             Identifies the amount of sales tax payable.
      121 Shipment value in domestic currency
             The cost of transportation in domestic currency.
      122 Specific amount payable
             Amount that the consignor agrees to be invoiced or to
             pay. This amount is part of the total charges applied to
             the consignment.
      123 Statistical value
             [5218] Value declared for statistical purposes of those
             goods in a consignment which have the same statistical
             heading and country of origin.
      124 Tax amount
             Tax imposed by government or other official authority
             related to the weight/volume charge or valuation charge.
      125 Taxable amount
             Self explanatory.
      126 To collect
             Description to be provided.
      127 Tools used in production of imported goods (Customs)
             Tools, dies, moulds and similar items used in the
             production of the imported goods.
      128 Total amount
             The amount specified is the total amount.
      129 Total amount subject to payment discount
             Part of the invoice amount which is subject to payment
             discount.
      130 Total charge due
             Total amount of charges payable to the carrier.
      131 Total charges/allowances
             The amount specified is the total of all
             charges/allowances.
      132 Total collect charges
             Total charges to be collected.
      133 Total collect charges at destination
             Total charges to be collected at destination.
      134 Total declared
             Description to be provided.
      135 Total freight due
             Total amount of freight costs payable to the carrier.
      136 Total invoice additional amount
             (5140) Amount to be added to the sum of invoice line
             amounts to arrive at the total invoice amount.
      138 Total monetary discount amount
             Total of monetary discount amounts.
      139 Total payment amount
             A complete charge for goods or services rendered.
      140 Total service charge
             The complete payment owed to one who has performed work
             for another.
      141 Cost, insurance and freight (CIF) value
             Identifies the value of cost, insurance and freight.
             (Refer to ICC Incoterm CIF for an expanded definition).
      142 Trade discount
             Discount given to any purchaser at a particular
             commercial level e.g. at wholesale or retail level.
      143 Transfer amount
             The amount which has been transferred from buyer to the
             sellers bank.
      144 Transport charges (Customs)
             (5292) Cost incurred by shipper in moving goods, by
             whatever means, from one place to another under the terms
             of the contract of carriage, see UN/ECE Recommendation No
             23. Synonym: freight charges (Customs).
      145 Transport charges incurred outside Customs territory
             (5292) Transport charges incurred outside a Customs
             territory (or a Customs union).
      146 Unit price
             (5110) Reporting monetary amount is a "per unit" amount.
      147 Acceptable quotation fluctuation amount
             The maximum increase or decrease in constituent material
             fluctuation which will not result in an item price
             renegotiation.
      148 Total payments under guarantee
             Total amount paid under guarantee, such as under a
             factor's guarantee.
      149 Valuation charge
             A charge based on the value of goods or cargo.
      150 Value added tax
             [5490] Amount in national currency resulting from the
             application, at the appropriate rate, of value added tax
             (or similar tax) to the invoice amount subject to such
             tax.
      151 Value insured
             Representation in figures of the total sum covered by an
             insurance for a particular shipment.
      152 Subsequent resale of imported goods (Customs)
             Value of any part of the proceeds of any subsequent
             resale, disposal or use of the imported goods that
             accrues, directly or indirectly, to the seller.
      153 Weight charge
             A charge based on the weight of goods or cargo.
      154 Amount to be collected
             Self explanatory.
      155 Standard duty
             Standard Customs duty that would apply if special
             provisions did not apply.
      156 G-Amount
             Amount out of total invoice amount being paid into a
             blocked account.
      157 Insurance value
             (5010) Value for which the goods are insured.
      158 Insurance and transport charges incurred inside Customs
          territory
             (5488)+(5292) Charges to be paid for moving goods, by
             whatever means, from the point of entry into the Customs
             territory (within a Customs union: to the point of entry
             in the final destination country).
      159 Licence (value deducted)
             Amount in the currency of the licence to be written off
             from the total licence value.
      160 Other costs
             (5346) Costs, other than packing, freight and insurance
             costs, specified separately.
      161 Duty, tax or fee amount
             Amount of duty, tax or fee.
      162 Customs duty paid
             Amount which can be deducted from the stated invoice
             price where that price includes the Customs duty amount.
      163 Wage tax share
             Wage tax share of total amount to be paid directly to
             tax collector.
      164 Social securities premiums share
             Social securities share of total amount to be paid
             directly to the social securities collector.
      165 Adjustment amount
             Amount being the balance of the amount to be adjusted and
             the adjusted amount.
      166 Guarantee amount (Customs)
             Amount of the guarantee placed with Customs.
      167 Actual versus calculated price difference
             Difference between actual and calculated price.
      168 Tax sub-totals
             Self explanatory.
      169 Alternate currency total amount
             Self-explanatory.
      170 Document amount
             Description to be provided.
      171 Total reassignments of factored invoices
             Total amount of factored invoices and credit notes
             reassigned to the seller or to another factor.
      172 Stated amount
             Description to be provided.
      173 Minimum amount
             Lowest possible value; minimum.
      174 Balance brought forward
             Opening balance of the account brought forward from the
             prior accounting period.
      175 Message total additional amount
             Description to be provided.
      176 Message total duty/tax/fee amount
             Total of all duty/tax/fee amounts.
      177 Message total amount prepaid
             Total of all prepaid amounts within the message.
      178 Exact amount
             Specific amount.
      179 Maximum amount
             Highest possible value; maximum.
      180 Amount up to
             Highest possible value; up to.
      181 Amount not exceeding
             Highest possible value; not exceeding.
      182 Any other specification/tolerance
             Any further qualification of the amount.
      183 No specification/tolerance
             No further qualification of the amount.
      184 Final net acquisition cost
             Self explanatory.
      185 Labor cost
             Self explanatory.
      186 Material cost
             Self explanatory.
      187 Other cost
             Self explanatory.
      188 Overhead cost
             Self explanatory.
      189 Packaging cost
             Self explanatory.
      190 Prototype set up cost
             Self explanatory.
      192 Raw material per cart cost
             Self explanatory.
      193 Raw material per unit of measure cost
             Self explanatory.
      194 Total die model cost
             Self explanatory.
      195 Total gauge cost
             Self explanatory.
      196 Total material including purchased components cost
             Self explanatory.
      197 Total purchased components cost
             Self explanatory.
      198 Total tooling cost
             Self explanatory.
      199 Delivery limitation amount
             Self explanatory.
      200 Minimum amount due
             Self explanatory.
      201 Penalty amount
             Self explanatory.
      202 Interest amount
             Self explanatory.
      203 Line item amount
             Goods item total minus allowances plus charges for line
             item. See also Code 66.
      204 Allowance amount
             Self explanatory.
      205 Additional amount covered: freight costs
             Additional amount (freight costs) which is also covered
             under the documentary credit.
      206 Additional amount covered: inspection costs
             Additional amount (inspection costs) which is also
             covered under the documentary credit.
      207 Additional amount covered: insurance costs
             Additional amount (insurance costs) which is also covered
             under the documentary credit.
      208 Additional amount covered: interest
             Additional amount (interest) which is also covered under
             the documentary credit.
      209 Agent commission amount
             Amount which has to be paid to an agent.
      210 Credit note amount
             Amount of a credit note.
      211 Debit note amount
             Amount of a debit note.
      212 Documentary credit amount
             Amount of the documentary credit.
      213 Part of documentary credit amount
             Part of documentary credit amount subject to sight
             payment, deferred payment or acceptance when the
             documentary credit is available by mixed payment.
      214 Advance payment at the beginning of works
             Amount paid to the contractor at the beginning of works
             in the construction to be deducted later.
      215 Deduction of advance payment amount at the beginning of
          works
             Progressive deduction of advance payment, as works go on.
      216 Advance payment amount on building material
             Self explanatory.
      217 Deduction of the advance payment amount on building material
             Self explanatory.
      218 Advance payment amount on stock
             Self explanatory.
      219 Deduction of the advance payment amount on stock
             Self explanatory.
      220 Amount subject to guarantee retention
             Amount participating in the assessment basis of a
             guarantee retention.
      221 Amount not subject of guarantee retention
             Amount not participating in the assessment basis of a
             guarantee retention.
      222 Amount subject to contractual retention
             Amount participating in the assessment basis of a
             contractual retention.
      223 Works amount, initial
             Total amount of works in the initial contract.
      224 Works amount, variations
             Total amount of contract variations, not including the
             amount planned on initial contract.
      225 Works amount, total
             Total amount of works, including initial contract and
             variations.
      226 Retention amount
             Self explanatory.
      227 Deposit
             Part of the amount of retention, not covered by guarantee
             of retention, and thus deducted from the amount paid to
             the contractor until release of retention.
      228 Deposit refund
             Refund of deposit, due to an increase of the guarantee of
             retention amount, or a decrease of the amount of
             retention.
      229 Guarantee on retention refund
             Refund of deposit, due to partial or complete release of
             retention.
      230 Amount subject to escalation
             Amount which is used as the basis for the calculation of
             the escalation.
      231 Amount subject to escalation, initial
             Amount in the initial contract which is used as the basis
             for the calculation of the escalation.
      232 Amount of variations subject to escalation
             Amount of variations which is used as the basis for the
             calculation of the escalation.
      233 Amount not subject to escalation
             Amount which is not included in the calculation of the
             escalation.
      234 Amount not subject to escalation, initial
             Amount in the initial contract which is not included in
             the calculation of the escalation.
      235 Amount of variations not subject to escalation
             Amount of variations which is not included in the
             calculation of the escalation.
      236 Amount subject to price adjustment
             Amount which is used as the basis for price adjustment
             calculation.
      237 Amount subject to price adjustment, initial
             Amount in the initial contract which is used as the basis
             for the price adjustment calculation.
      238 Amount of variations subject to price adjustment
             Amount of variations which is used as the basis for price
             adjustment calculation.
      239 Amount not subject to price adjustment
             Amount which is not included in the calculation of the
             price adjustment.
      240 Amount not subject to price adjustment, initial
             Amount in the initial contract which is not included in
             the calculation of the price adjustment.
      241 Amount of variations not subject to price adjustment
             Amount of variations which is not included in the
             calculation of the price adjustment.
      242 Escalation amount
             Difference between initial amount and current amount.
      243 Provisional escalation amount
             Difference between initial amount and provisional current
             amount.
      244 Price adjustment amount
             Difference between initial amount and revised amount.
      245 Provisional price adjustment amount
             Difference between initial amount and provisional revised
             amount.
      246 Price revaluation amount
             Amount of escalation and price adjustment.
      247 Provisional price revaluation amount
             Provisional amount of escalation and price adjustment.
      248 Contractual retention amount total
             Retention on a basis contractually fixed.
      249 Valuation amount
             Amount of valuation.
      250 Deduction amount of direct payments to subcontractors
             Deduction of amounts directly paid to subcontractors.
      251 Amortization total amount
             Indication of final monetary amount for amortization.
      252 Amortization order amount
             Indication of actual share of the monetary amount for
             amortization.
      253 Amortization cumulated amount
             Indication of actual cumulated monetary amount of
             previous and actual amortization order amount.
      254 Current credit cover
             Limit for current credit cover.
      255 New credit cover
             Limit for new credit cover.
      256 Order cover
             Credit cover for an individual order or shipment.
      257 Amount subject to dispute
             The amount that is being disputed.
      258 Charge amount for information
             The stated charge amount is only for information. The
             amount will be debited due to agreement.
      259 Total charges
             Self-explanatory.
      260 Total allowances
             Self-explanatory.
      261 Alternate currency amount
             Self-explanatory.
      262 Instalment amount
             Amount paid or due for a single instalment of an
             instalment payment scheme.
      263 Outstanding amount
             Amount still remaining outstanding for payment.
      264 Gross contribution amount
             Gross amount contributed. This may include commissions or
             allowances.
      265 Commission amount
             Amount of any commission.
      266 Net contribution amount
             Amount contributed net of any commission or other
             allowances .
      267 Regular contribution amount
             Specified contribution amount regularly paid.
      268 Previous regular contribution amount
             Specified contribution amount regularly paid before a
             change .
      269 Variation amount
             Difference from a nominated amount.
      270 Notional salary
             A salary amount specified for a particular category of
             employees.
      271 Nominal salary
             The salary amount without special allowances or other
             cash benefits.
      272 Taxable salary
             The salary amount which is taxable.
      273 Superannuation salary
             Salary used for superannuation benefit/contribution
             purposes .
      274 Total remuneration
             The amount of the total value of a person's remuneration.
      275 Other salary
             The amount of other salary or allowances in addition to a
             base salary.
      276 Annual salary
             Self-explanatory.
      277 Total contributions amount
             Sum of individual contributions.
      278 Voluntary contribution amount
             The amount is for a non-compulsory contribution.
      279 Instalment first amount
             First of a number of due amounts if payment by instalment
             is agreed.
      280 Instalment current amount
             Current amount of a number of due amounts if payment by
             instalment is agreed.
      281 Instalment last amount
             Last of a number of due amounts if payment by instalment
             is agreed.
      282 Current maintenance fee
             Current amount of a number of amounts due on maintenance
             contract.
      283 Current leasing fee
             Current amount of a number of amounts due on lease
             contracts.
      284 Day works amount
             The amount of work calculated on the basis of manpower
             time and supply cost.
      285 Manufacturer's bonus
             Allowance given as a manufacturer's bonus.
      286 Administration charge
             Charge made for an administration activity.
      287 Fuel charge
             Charge relating to fuel supplied.
      288 Registration plate charge
             The charge relating to the normal supply of vehicle
             registration plates.
      289 Subtotal amount
             Total amount of money that is part of a complete amount.
      290 Dumping export value
             The export value calculated for the purposes of assessing
             dumping duty.
      291 Foreign inland freight
             The amount of inland freight incurred in delivering the
             goods to the place of export.
      292 Concession amount
             The amount of any concession. To allow the nomination of
             the difference between the amount of duty plus tax paid
             and the amount that would have been payable without an
             end-use security being applied.
      293 Chargeback
             Invoice amount charged back to seller.
      294 Charge per credit cover
             Unit charge per credit cover established.
      295 Charge per unused credit cover
             Unit charge per unused credit cover.
      296 Total authorised deduction
             Total amount of authorised deductions from payment of
             invoices.
      297 Total chargebacks
             Total amount charged back to the seller.
      298 Total offsets
             Total amount offset against other items on the seller's
             or buyer's account.
|     299 Total special entries
             Total amount to be treated as special booking entry by
             the beneficiary.
      300 Balance carried forward
             Closing balance of the account to be carried forward to
             the next accounting period.
      301 Total outstanding invoices past due
             Total amount of outstanding invoices past due.
      302 Off balance disputed items
             Total amount of disputed invoices/credit notes.
      303 Commission invoices
             Amount of commission invoices.
      304 Other charges
             Miscellaneous charges.
      305 Amount remittances
             Amount of money remitted.
      306 Total amount of payment commission invoices
             Total amount of commission invoices paid.
      307 Total amount of payment other charges invoices
             Total amount of invoices for miscellaneous charges paid.
      308 Total amount credit notes
             Total amount of credit notes.
      309 Total adjustment invoices
             Total amount of adjustments to invoices.
      310 Total adjustment credit notes
             Total amount of adjustments to credit notes.
      311 Total adjustment payments
             Total amount of adjustments to payments.
      312 Base unit value
             Value per base unit.
      313 International freight
             The amount of freight paid for moving goods between place
             of export and place of import.
      314 Own risk amount
             Amount for own credit risk, not covered by credit cover.
      315 Opening balance
             The amount of the opening balance.
      316 Insurance premium
             Premium amount including commission without insurance tax
             and fees.
      317 Insurance commission
             Amount due to an intermediary to be chargeable to an
             insurer for obtaining insurance business.
      318 Insurance tax
             Insurance tax amount on insurance premium and fees.
      319 Fee of insurer
             Amount to be paid to an insurer as a handling charge.
      320 Fee of intermediary
             Amount to be paid to an intermediary as a handling fee.
+     321 Debit flow
             Debit flow amount applying to an account.
+     322 Closing balance payable
             Outstanding payable amount of the account at the end of
             the reporting period.
+     323 Opening balance payable
             Outstanding payable amount of the account at the
             beginning of the reporting period.
+     324 Opening balance receivable
             Outstanding receivable amount of the account at the
             beginning of the reporting period.
+     325 Closing balance receivable
             Outstanding receivable payable amount of the account at
             the end of the reporting period.
+     326 Net assets and liabilities
             Position amount of the assets and liabilities at
             reporting date.
+     327 Adjustment to debit flow
             Adjustment to debit flow amount.
+     328 Adjustment to credit flow
             Adjustment to a credit flow amount.
+     329 Credit flow
             Credit flow amount applying to an account.
+     330 Total prepaid other charges due carrier
             The total of prepaid other charges due to carrier.
+     331 Total collect weight charge
             The total collect charge based on weight.
+     332 Total prepaid weight charge
             The total prepaid charge based on weight.
+     333 Total collect other charges due carrier
             The total of collect other charges due to carrier.
+     334 Total prepaid other charges due agent
             The total of prepaid other charges due to agent.
+     335 Total collect valuation charge
             The total collect valuation charge.
+     336 Total prepaid valuation charge
             The total prepaid valuation charge.
   ZZZ    Mutually defined
             Mutually defined monetary amount.

