
  5237  Charge category, coded

  Desc: To indicate the category or zone of charges.

  Repr: an..3

        1 All charges
             All amounts calculated by the carrier in accordance with
             tariffs or in case of special events during the voyage
             (e.g. Rail - freights costs - additional costs).
        2 Additional charges
             Charges calculated by the carrier for specific events
             like re-weighting, re-loading, unexpected operations,
             services required during the voyage, etc.
        3 Transport charges + additional charges
             Transport charges plus Additional charges (e.g. for re-
             loading, re-weighting or unexpected operations) that must
             be precised in the payment conditions by the consignor
             (other charges must be taken in account by the
             consignee).
        4 Basic freight
             The basic freight payable on the cargo as per tariff.
        5 Destination haulage charges
             Self explanatory.
        6 Disbursement
             Sums paid out by ship's agent at a port and recovered
             from the carrier.
        7 Destination port charges
             Charges payable at the port of destination.
        8 Miscellaneous charges
             Miscellaneous charges not otherwise categorized.
        9 Transport charges up to a specified location
             Transport charges to be paid by the consignor for a part
             of the voyage, i.e. up to a location that must be
             precised.
       10 Origin port charges
             Charges payable at the port of origin.
       11 Origin haulage charges
             Self explanatory.
       12 Other charges
             Self explanatory.
       13 Specific amount payable
             Amount that the consignor agrees to be invoiced or to
             pay. This amount is part of the total charges applied to
             the consignment.
       14 Transport costs (carriage charges)
             Monetary amount calculated on the basis of the transport
             tariffs or contract eventually including charges or other
             costs.
       15 All costs up to a specified location
             All amounts to be paid by the consignor for a part of the
             voyage, i.e. up to a location that must be precised. (The
             remaining part of the voyage to be paid by the consignee)
             The amounts are calculated by the carrier in accordance
             with tariffs or in case of special events during the
             voyage (e.g. rail - freight costs - additional costs).
       16 Weight/valuation charge
             Code to indicate weight/valuation charges to be either
             wholly prepaid or wholly collect.
       17 All costs
             Description to be provided.
       18 Transport costs and supplementary costs
             Description to be provided.

