
  7273  Service requirement, coded

  Desc: Identification of a service requirement (which may constitute
        an additional component to a basic contract).

  Repr: an..3

        1 Carrier loads
             The cargo is loaded in the equipment by the carrier.
        2 Full loads
             Container to be stuffed or stripped under responsibility
             and for account of the shipper or the consignee.
        3 Less than full loads
             Container to be stuffed and stripped for account and risk
             of the carrier.
        4 Shipper loads
             The cargo is loaded in the equipment by the shipper.
        5 To be delivered
             The cargo is to be delivered as instructed.
        6 To be kept
             The cargo is to be retained awaiting further
             instructions.
        7 Transhipment allowed
             Transhipment of goods is allowed.
        8 Transhipment not allowed
             Transhipment of goods is not allowed.
        9 Partial shipment allowed
             Partial shipment is allowed.
       10 Partial shipment not allowed
             Partial shipment is not allowed.
       11 Partial shipment and/or drawing allowed
             Partial shipment and/or drawing is allowed.
       12 Partial shipment and/or drawing not allowed
             Partial shipment and/or drawing is not allowed.
       13 Carrier unloads
             The cargo is to be unloaded from the equipment by the
             carrier.
       14 Shipper unloads
             The cargo is to be unloaded from the equipment by the
             shipper.
       15 Consignee unloads
             The cargo is to be unloaded from the equipment by the
             consignee.
       16 Consignee loads
             The cargo is to be loaded in the equipment by the
             consignee.
       17 Exclusive usage of equipment
             Usage of the equipment is reserved for exclusive use.
       18 Non exclusive usage of equipment
             Usage of the equipment is not reserved for exclusive use.

