
     7233  Packaging related description code                      [B]

     Desc: Code specifying information related to packaging.

     Repr: an..3

     1     Product ingredients not marked on package
              The ingredients of the product are not marked on the
              packaging of the product.

     2     Product price not marked on packaging
              The product price is not marked on the packaging of the
              product.

     3     Product best before date not marked on product package
              The product best before date is not marked on the
              packaging of the product.

     4     Package not marked recyclable
              Package is not marked as recyclable.

     5     Promotional details marked
              A code indicating that promotional details have been
              marked on the package.

     31    Package best before date marked
              Package is marked with the product best before date.

     32    Package marked recyclable
              The package is marked recyclable.

     33    Package marked returnable
              The package is marked returnable.

     34    Product marking
              The information is related to product marking.

     35    Type of package
              The information is related to the type of package.

     36    Package specifications
              The information specifies the package.

     37    Package protection
              The information is related to protection of the package.

     38    Tarping
              The information describes how coverage with tarpaulins
              is to be provided.

     39    Platform/skid location
              The information describes the platform or skid location.

     40    Bearing piece location
              The information gives the location of the load bearing
              piece.

     41    Skid/pallet type
              The information describes the type of skid or pallet.

     42    Placement on carrier
              The information describes the placement on the carrier.

     43    Spacing directions
              Descriptions to be provided.

     44    Unloading device
              The information specifies the unloading device which
              must be used to handle the package.

     45    Unloading equipment
              The information specifies the unloading equipment which
              must be used to handle the package.

     50    Package barcoded EAN-13 or EAN-8
              The package is barcoded with EAN-13 or EAN-8 code.

     51    Package barcoded ITF-14 or ITF-6
              The package is barcoded with ITF-14 or ITF-6 code.

     52    Package barcoded UCC or EAN-128
              The package is barcoded with UCC or EAN-128 code.

     53    Package price marked
              The package is marked with the price.

     54    Product ingredients marked on package
              The ingredients of the product contained in a package
              are marked on that package.

     55    Core characteristics
              Specifies the characteristics of the core of the
              package.

     56    Shipping requirement
              The packaging as per shipping requirement.

     57    Customs requirement
              The packaging as per Customs requirement.

     58    Transport contract requirement
              The packaging as per transport contract requirement.

     59    Preservation method
              The packaging related information is for methods of
              preservation.

     60    Product marking pattern
              The information describes the pattern used to mark the
              product.

     61    Product marking location
              The information provides the location of the product
              marking.

     62    Package/container mark location
              The information provides the location of a package or
              container mark.

     63    Marking method
              The information details the marking method.

     66    Receiving facility limitations
              The information describes limitations which apply to a
              receiving facility.

     67    Tagging/bar code instructions
              The information provides instructions as to how a
              package is to be tagged or have a bar code applied to
              it.

     68    Shipping package labelling
              The labelling of a package in which goods are shipped.

     69    Shipping package sealing
              The sealing particulars of a package in which goods are
              shipped.

     70    Optional packaging procedure
              To indicate an optional procedure for packaging.

     71    Cleaning or drying specification
              Identification of the cleaning or drying specification.

     72    Cushioning thickness specification
              Identification of the cushioning thickness
              specification.

     73    Cushioning and dunnage specification
              Identification of the cushioning and dunnage
              specification.

     74    Level of preservation specification
              Identification of the level of preservation
              specification.

     75    Preservation material specification
              Identification of the preservation material
              specification.

     76    Unit container specification
              Identification of the unit container specification.

     77    Material wrapping specification
              Identification of the material wrapping specification.


